# Feat

January: Early January was a time of research rather than anythign else,  with
most of my time looking into different methods of working with active labelling,
although there are allot of methods to do such a thing, i found 3 resources for
this, one of which will be illustrationv3, This May provide better results
compared to What i have currently.

# Observations

With my previous varients, i have found that the labeling system does not work
very well, and that there have been huge rewrites in the past due to this
factor, although i have gained experience regarding how to optimize and greatly
increase the performance of my system, and my gan, the issue and underlying
factor remains that it is very hard to train, very hard to even load up, and
even more so harder to ge at viable output, which i have shown concerns before.
With that being said, i wish to finish off, what i have currently and create
fake data to load on a current Gan layout i have right now

# Self Observation and What Next

Regarding on my self, there has been a rather large pause between my research
and actually coding, in which i had not anticipated the drift that this would
cause. While arriving back at my code base i noticed a few issues that i needed
to address and fix as fast as possible. This fix, is taking slightly longer as
well.

I think what i will do next is working january onwards i want to Finish off what
i have made so far and provide some level of data . as a deliverable. And then
once that is complete i would like to move forward and work on the labeling
section in which i had failed initially. If i am able to build upon another
persons work, i should be able to create a viable source, in which i can then
label the data. and create a custom labeling gan that builds upon what
i currently have as well. This will use conditional parameters.

Labels would include

- eyes
- Nose
- Hair Colour

I will also see if i can implement my custom dataset onto this, and if it is
possible or not. Another set of processing would have to occur for this to play
out nicely.
