readme.md, before:

# Introduction:
This project is a comparative study on the workings of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) using Anime Face Data. The project aims to generate facial images of Anime, Dogs, and Humans using sketches and Deep Convolutional Gans (DCGAN). The project is developed using the PyTorch framework and is trained on a NVIDIA GeForce RTX GPU machine. The project uses Cats and Dogs, Human Faces, and Anime Faces datasets.

# Running :
If more time is available, the project will be refactored to provide more information about the train and test.py files arguments that need to be parsed into the module.
Currently, arguments can be parsed using the following command: `python -m src train --i 1000 `, which trains the model for 1000 iterations.
To get more information about the arguments, the user must run the following command: `python -m src [train, test] --help`.

# Initial Setup:
If this is the first time running the project, the user must refer to the `src/create_dataset` directory and change any constants within
`utils/constants.py`. This is necessary to ensure that the project is set up correctly and is ready to run.

# Datasets:
## The Cats and Dogs dataset:
was used as a placeholder to understand the basic workings of GANs. Despite some degree of learning about dog appearance, the results were not very realistic. Overfitting was observed, and further data processing is required to improve the results.

## The Human Faces dataset:
was used for a deeper understanding of the underlying concepts of GANs. After training for 1000 epochs, the results showed some benefits, but convergence failed due to the gradient ascent change shown in the DCGAN study. Further network testing is required to resolve this issue.

## Anime Face Dataset:
The Anime Faces dataset is the core part of this project and provides the most promising results. In order to generate the Anime facial images, the project uses the illustration2vec (i2v) tool to extract the labels and generate them. The i2v tool is used to convert the illustrations into a vector representation, which is then used as input for the GANs.
In addition to using the i2v tool, the Anime Faces dataset was also manually classified to provide more accurate labels. This manual classification process involved the review and classification of each illustration into specific categories.
Datasets:
The project uses two main datasets:

    - Automatically generated dataset using illustration2vec (i2v) tool.

    - Manually classified dataset, which is created by reviewing and classifying each illustration into specific categories.
By using these two datasets, the project aims to provide a comprehensive study of the workings of GANs using Anime Face data.


# Running the Project:
Constants used in the project can be found in the src/utils/constant.py file. To run the module, you can use the following command: python -m src. There are two core parameters that need to be set - to run tests, the run_test boolean operator must be switched.

In the future, there will be a refactoring that will have a json file for reference, instead of manually running data.


# Auxiliary Gans:
The project now uses auxiliary Gans, with one DCGAN having extra layers and another without. The data generated by these two GANs is compared with each other and with normal Gans and CGANs.

# Evaluation:
The evaluation of auxiliary Gans compared to normal Gans and CGANs will provide valuable insights into the workings of GANs.


# Rewrite:
In January, the project was rewritten to improve its functionality. The code can be found in the commit 3844e3ec.

Running the Project (updated):
There are two ways to run this project. One way is through python -m src [train , test ] -- their file parameters. The other way is to cd into src and run python [train,test] --help. This project also uses MLops with W&B for better monitoring and evaluation.

Commit message:

Feat: update readme with training process example.

readme.md, after:

# Introduction

This project is a comparative study on the workings of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) using Anime Face Data. The project aims to generate facial images of Anime, Dogs, and Humans using sketches and Deep Convolutional Gans (DCGAN). The project is developed using the PyTorch framework and is trained on a NVIDIA GeForce RTX GPU machine. The project uses Cats and Dogs, Human Faces, and Anime Faces datasets.

# Examples

## Training

For examples I have uploaded Everything on youtube:
[ACGAN](https://youtu.be/c-88-Ve6lHU) Training process, for 2k epochs.

# Running

If more time is available, the project will be refactored to provide more information about the train and test.py files arguments that need to be parsed into the module.
Currently, arguments can be parsed using the following command: `python -m src train --i 1000`, which trains the model for 1000 iterations.
To get more information about the arguments, the user must run the following command: `python -m src [train, test] --help`.

# Initial Setup

If this is the first time running the project, the user must refer to the `src/create_dataset` directory and change any constants within
`utils/constants.py`. This is necessary to ensure that the project is set up correctly and is ready to run.

# Datasets

## The Cats and Dogs dataset

was used as a placeholder to understand the basic workings of GANs. Despite some degree of learning about dog appearance, the results were not very realistic. Overfitting was observed, and further data processing is required to improve the results.

## The Human Faces dataset

was used for a deeper understanding of the underlying concepts of GANs. After training for 1000 epochs, the results showed some benefits, but convergence failed due to the gradient ascent change shown in the DCGAN study. Further network testing is required to resolve this issue.

## Anime Face Dataset

The Anime Faces dataset is the core part of this project and provides the most promising results. In order to generate the Anime facial images, the project uses the illustration2vec (i2v) tool to extract the labels and generate them. The i2v tool is used to convert the illustrations into a vector representation, which is then used as input for the GANs.
In addition to using the i2v tool, the Anime Faces dataset was also manually classified to provide more accurate labels. This manual classification process involved the review and classification of each illustration into specific categories.
Datasets:
The project uses two main datasets:

    - Automatically generated dataset using illustration2vec (i2v) tool.

    - Manually classified dataset, which is created by reviewing and classifying each illustration into specific categories.
By using these two datasets, the project aims to provide a comprehensive study of the workings of GANs using Anime Face data.

# Running the Project

Constants used in the project can be found in the src/utils/constant.py file. To run the module, you can use the following command: python -m src. There are two core parameters that need to be set - to run tests, the run_test boolean operator must be switched.

In the future, there will be a refactoring that will have a json file for reference, instead of manually running data.

# Auxiliary Gans

The project now uses auxiliary Gans, with one DCGAN having extra layers and another without. The data generated by these two GANs is compared with each other and with normal Gans and CGANs.

# Evaluation

The evaluation of auxiliary Gans compared to normal Gans and CGANs will provide valuable insights into the workings of GANs.

# Rewrite

In January, the project was rewritten to improve its functionality. The code can be found in the commit 3844e3ec.

Running the Project (updated):
There are two ways to run this project. One way is through python -m src [train , test ] -- their file parameters. The other way is to cd into src and run python [train,test] --help. This project also uses MLops with W&B for better monitoring and evaluation.
