@document.meta
title: readme
description: 
authors: viv
categories: 
version: 0.0.17
@end


* What is a GAN? 
A Generative Adversarial Network, or GAN, is a deep learning architecture for training generative models. GANs are composed of two sub-networks: a generator network, which generates new data instances, and a discriminator network, which attempts to classify data instances as real or fake. The generator network is trained to fool the discriminator network, while the discriminator network is trained to correctly classify real and fake data instances.

* What is a DCGAN? 
  A DCGAN is a type of GAN where the generator and discriminator networks are both deep convolutional networks.
  The main difference between DCGANs and GANs is the type of networks used for the generator and discriminator. GANs can use any type of neural network for the generator and discriminator, while DCGANs must use deep convolutional networks.


* Why DCGANs
  DcGans are a great starting point at the moment, after understanding the mathematics behind how a gan would work. the further applications 
  in using image data is very important. 
  Such that, in this instance I shall be using image data, through Conv2d networks.

  DCgans also require a level of transposition: 
** Transpose
   The reason you have to transpose 2d images in DCGANs is because convolutional layers expect input data in the form of 4d tensors,
   with the shape (batch_size, height, width, channels). By transposing the 2d image, you convert it into the required 4d tensor form.


